Things need to be done:
	- adding mouse movement.
	- adding textures to the walls.
	- adding a 2D map to the right/left corner.
	- making the wall collision more accurate.
	- merging the branches.

Created a 2D map cus i like having something visual when working on projects.

For now the 2D map only shows our movements and the direction we're facing.
(Update): it shows the directions in 360 degrees and the movement is done accordingly to where the character is facing.

The map will help when calculating the ray tracing stuff and also we probably will be able
to use it as a minimap after changing the code a bit.

There is a problem with the wall collision. it doesn't calculate things correctly.
(Update): it's kinda fixed but needs to be polished more.

Thursday:
	mostly did research about the DDA algorithm and started an experimental function for it.
Friday:
	also research about DDA and some experiments with it.
11.08 Monday:
	DDA research is done and now our program can cast a ray. it will be multiple rays in the future but for the moment there is only one.
	Removed some commented functions as i no longer need them and made some of the functions norm friendly.
12.08 Tuesday
	the program can now cast multiple rays and also i made the screen of the game wider so that on the right side we will have the 3d part of the program.
	the 3d part is still being worked on as the floor or ceiling has not been set and there is a fish eye effect when the program prints out the walls.
13.08 Wednesday
	spent a lot of time trying to fix the fish eye without achieving anything
14.08 Thursday
	the fish eye effect is fixed and for the moment removed the 2d map. increased the map size to be able to test the pov properly.
	added more comments to the functions to explain what's going on.
18.08 Monday
	added a minimap on the left corner. for the moment it doesn't have anything in it that
	represents the player character but it will be added soon.
19.08 Tuesday
	started to use the map and the height + width of the map from parsing and changed to checks accordingly.
	added the player character to the minimap.
	player character has a decent wall collision now.
